Hello youtube and continue with the
3rd generation iPad I have it
just directly first to the stream
put it so that it is fully charged
I can start right away and we
set this up for the first time
the SIM card is already flying around here
Can I ever get the sim cards?
prey tool uses while laying out the
ipad high quality I believe this
never used
I always have one with one
made paperclip but there we are
already and start
German fits
aha, but he needs a long time
Germany also fits regulatory services
activate yes please
I'd like to stress that now
Of course, like to connect with a wifi
entered into the foyer wlan password
we hope to continue connection to the wifi
is built up if I'm right
have entered very nice on we go
activate ipad
done more often to produce why me
that also in English request
no idea in any case would like now
that I then immediately the sim card
tuck in
Now we come to the point I want
that as a brand new thing or have
from the itunes backup on the computer or
I'm already as progressive as I am
it's from the iCloud backup
the backup of course because I have
just the old ipad again
let backup and I put it out
now everything here and then all apps come
and settings as well as everything is direct
Of course, he needs one out of here
fast internet connection or too
a slow then he needs more time
I'll give itunes aldi us now
password 1 balancing next
from me the agbs have confirmed
of course, read everything ten times
and now he starts sledding on rome
shows me the backups and I have
I still have an iphone backup in it and
ipad backup today selected the
and we say restore and now
Let my rubbish and here we are again
the comparison with the iCloud has so five
to ten minutes lasted then starts
ipad new intercepts now so
all apps are already displayed
but can not use yet
they all have to be installed again
that means he is moving here now
whole apps if you're a big one then
play with 12 gigabytes or here to
example imovie with 400 something
that invites everything ever again
Internet connection it takes just short
or me briefly and then that's the thing
completely ready for use again
let it shake and then you have the
whole apps again and not
wonder if you can
I turned on that I'm now
not shown because of the against apple id
you will have been five times now
asked for one, I was after the
apple id asked for spexard
recover
then i was asked about imessage
then I was asked about the password
password for facetime
then came directly to the query for the
e-mail passwords
So there you are busy so first
do not not tell
Let's talk. I'll get in touch
then we will build the SIM card
a so he still installs that is
here a little more time consuming than
thought I have to go now but no
fear that you can turn off everything here
interrupt
But now we finally come to the
micro or sim card other side
we have them up here
I hope that comes over it and
the plug
so press a little tenderly
bit and tender now have here
our sim-card tray remember us
reasonably how the thing was out
have taken
grab the SIM card here now
and frit herein somehow pure
ok and just put it all back
because somehow with or without
fingertip feeling is so to sit
breathes and had wobbled and has air
I'll get my locked my directly
sim-card message pin entered
unlock was successful that was it
Now let's have a look
Settings in and then we have
we should now be the point
because now have the point mobile data
but that is still off
mmh aha effect general network no
actually here should be mobile values
So now he is not attracted to only one
Do not panic like me here
straight network operator automatically the
should be here now the latest
dates
that with profile of yes it now here
I can say vodafone as well
I saw the map
and actually I should go here now
get this mobile data ran
so right now that was trick 17 once
plane mode on and off again
it is now mobile data
falls free here i can use the mobile
or first the apn
see settings yes web.de is ahead
for vodafone just right mobile data
turn it on and that was it at the same time
can now my wlan again
turn on
To keep it funny the apps again
Now I'm getting up here, too
the vodafone network even appears with
three out of five bars that's all
tidy where I am right now
and that's the ipad now
I 'm glad makes up for it
and until the next video